Dockerize the SWS application (#54)
AI4WORK-Project/sliding-work-sharing: README.md

Reviewer: I realised that it makes sense to put this as additional step to the previous numbered steps:

```suggestion
### 4. How to Test the Application
```
The headings below should then be also one level lower:
`#### Example Request`

Author: done in commit https://github.com/AI4WORK-Project/sliding-work-sharing/pull/54/changes/0d4cedfba3b3a92af5306d7ea0078eaeb3d4b3a9

Reviewer: This and the other scenarios should also be updated to use the dockerized version.

I did a quick test and the following command should work:
`docker run --rm -p 8080:8080 sliding-work-sharing --spring.profiles.active=logistics`

Author: done in commit https://github.com/AI4WORK-Project/sliding-work-sharing/pull/54/changes/0d4cedfba3b3a92af5306d7ea0078eaeb3d4b3a9

To build and run the Sliding Work Sharing, the following software is required:

> - **Docker**: Docker Desktop or Docker Engine (https://www.docker.com/get-started/)

Reviewer: Minor comment: As there is only one item left, we do not need a bullet list.

Author: done in commit https://github.com/AI4WORK-Project/sliding-work-sharing/pull/54/changes/0d4cedfba3b3a92af5306d7ea0078eaeb3d4b3a9

### 2. Build the Docker image

Open a terminal in the project directory containing the `Dockerfile`, run:

```bash
docker build -t sliding-work-sharing .
```

> ### 3. Run the default scenario in the docker image

Reviewer: The reader will not know what "default scenario" means here. I would suggest to keep the old heading, maybe like this?

```suggestion
### 3. Start the Application (using the Default Configuration for Testing)
```

> Run the following command to run docker container image:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the following command to start the application using the built container image:
```

    - replace `{existing-configuration}` with a name representing your custom scenario
- existing example configuration files can be found at [src/main/resources](src/main/resources)

### Prepare the configuration directory

Create a directory on your host machine containing both custom configuration files.

For example:

```text
<YOUR_CONFIG_DIRECTORY>/
├── your-scenario.fcl
└── application-{your-configuration-name}.yml
```

> > **Important:** In the YAML configuration, `fclRulesFilePath` must reference the path **inside the container**, not the

Reviewer: It is a little bit confusing that this explanation is not mentioned above in the section about "how to create your custom yml". Maybe we should move this explanation of the config directory to the beginning, and then explain the contents of the two files, including the note about the `/config` path prefix?

Author: What structure I tried is to make it more easy to follow is

### define your own input parameters, output parameter and decision rules in an .fcl file
   - this section has the explanation of `.fcl` and how to create `.fcl`
### create your custom .yml configuration file
   - this section has the explanation of `.yml` and how to create `.yml` including the notes for to how to set the `fclRulesFilePath `
### prepare the configuration directory
   - this section has, how the configuration directory looks like

this change are done in commit https://github.com/AI4WORK-Project/sliding-work-sharing/pull/54/changes/0d4cedfba3b3a92af5306d7ea0078eaeb3d4b3a9. This is a sample version for discussion base. Please let me know if any changes are needed.

Reviewer: OK, I will try to do some further improvements

Reviewer: I suggested some further improvements in #61 

Besides this, this is ready to merge imho
